README.md, before:

# Draw Steel!

![Foundry v13](https://img.shields.io/badge/foundry-v13-green)

> The Draw Steel System for Foundry Virtual Tabletop is an independent product published under the DRAW STEEL Creator License and is not affiliated with MCDM Productions, LLC. DRAW STEEL © 2024 MCDM Productions, LLC.

This system is still early in development. Feature requests can be made in the [issues](https://github.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/issues) tab.

## Installation Instructions

The latest version of the system can be installed through the in-app System Browser and searching for "Draw Steel".

You can also use one of the following alternative installation methods:
1. Pasting `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/refs/heads/main/system.json` into the **Install System** dialog on the Setup menu of the application.
2. Browsing the repository's [Releases](https://github.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/releases) page, where you can copy any system.json link for use in the Install System dialog.
3. Downloading one of the .zip archives from the Releases page and extracting it into your foundry Data folder, under `Data/systems/draw-steel`.

## Frequently Asked Questions

The [Wiki](https://github.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/wiki) is under active construction but is the best place to find out information about the system's features.

## System Discussion

Check out the [MCDM Discord](https://mcdm.gg/discord) - under the ds_homebrew channel there is a post for discussion of the system!

## Community Contribution

If you wish to contribute to development, please review [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Added pointer to Foundry forum post (#722)
* Added pointer to Foundry forum post

* Updated MIT license

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Zhell <50169243+krbz999@users.noreply.github.com>

* Adjusted verbiage

* Adjusted wording to comply with branding guide.

---------

Co-authored-by: Zhell <50169243+krbz999@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Draw Steel!

![Foundry v13](https://img.shields.io/badge/foundry-v13-green)

> The Draw Steel System for Foundry Virtual Tabletop is an independent product published under the DRAW STEEL Creator License and is not affiliated with MCDM Productions, LLC. DRAW STEEL © 2024 MCDM Productions, LLC.

This system is still early in development. Feature requests can be made in the [issues](https://github.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/issues) tab.

## Installation Instructions

The latest version of the system can be installed through the in-app System Browser and searching for "Draw Steel".

You can also use one of the following alternative installation methods:
1. Pasting `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/refs/heads/main/system.json` into the **Install System** dialog on the Setup menu of the application.
2. Browsing the repository's [Releases](https://github.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/releases) page, where you can copy any system.json link for use in the Install System dialog.
3. Downloading one of the .zip archives from the Releases page and extracting it into your foundry Data folder, under `Data/systems/draw-steel`.

## Frequently Asked Questions

The [Wiki](https://github.com/MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel/wiki) is under active construction but is the best place to find out information about the system's features.

## System Discussion

We have two dedicated channels in appropriate discord forums:
- In the [MCDM Discord](https://mcdm.gg/discord) look inside the ds_homebrew forum. The MCDM discord server is also the best place to ask about playing Draw Steel as a TTRPG.
- In the [Foundry Discord](https://discord.gg/foundryvtt) look inside the other-game-systems forum. The Foundry VTT discord server is also the best place to ask about using the Foundry VTT software.

## Community Contribution

If you wish to contribute to development, please review [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
